# An-Empirical-Analysis-of-Volatility-in-China-s-Green-Bond-Market

With the rising concern of environmental issues, the green bond has become an important tool for financing environmental protection project. As the market for green bonds is consistently expanding., it’s necessary for investors to gain a deeper comprehension of the volatility pattern of this market. This thesis examines the volatility patterns within the green bond market and investigates whether there is a spillover effect of volatility between the green bond market and either the equity market or the conventional bond market, using a dynamic approach. It’s observed that the green bond market’s volatility is mainly driven by its own “experience”, and it responds more rapidly when receiving a positive shock, which is different from other financial markets. By the way, after Covid-19 pandemic, the volatility of green bond market become smaller. Under the DCC-GARCH analytical framework, a long-term volatility spillover effect is found between the green bond market and other two benchmark markets. The only existence of long-term volatility might be correlated with the structural change in financial markets that might make investors feel pessimistic about the whole financial system, and it somehow shows that the green bond market is still “isolated” relative to other mature financial markets since it is less volatile when exposed to larger volatility in other financial markets in the short run. From the perspective of hedging and portfolio optimization, the green bond market does not provide effective hedge protection against equity market. Hence, in the future, the policy makers are supposed to improve the policy support system, promote the implementation of green projects, guide the wide participation of social capital, and improve the marketization level of green bonds. Also, the authority should improve the rules of the green bond opening system, enhance financial infrastructure, and optimize the investment environment and further enrich the types of green bond investors to make the green bond more attractive in the aspect of investment and facilitate the green bond market’s development.

